Anonymous Exhibition, Part 2

He arrives a few minutes early to the Grass Field barracks with much excitement. The Mundane soldiers are all asleep.

No sign of her, though. Could she be a goblin spy leading him to his death?? Or maybe she was just always perfectly on-time and never early?

He starts to feel a bit nervous and decides to take a quick Peek at his special letter for encouragement. He begins reading the first few words and instantly feels better.

He suddenly hears a rustling in a nearby bush. Oh no - are the Goblins attacking?! This would be a strategic time for an Assault - when all the soldiers were sleeping!

Something leaps over his head. Panic. It's an Ambush!! He immediately gets Thrown to the floor, face down. He braces himself for a Goblin axe in his back - for yet another embarassing visit to Sgrios.

He keeps waiting. The searing pain of cold steel never arrives. Instead, he hears muffled laughter. He flips himself over on the ground. There she was, with both hands over her mouth, trying to suppress her cute giggles. He still didn't even know her name.

He quickly stands up. "What the heck was that?? I could've thought you were a Goblin, and seriously injured you!" he bluffs and huffs.

"Hah! Hurt me? You?? You're too funny, Jasper," she retorts and snorts.

She knew his name? But how? He had never mentioned it to her, at least not that he could remember. Where did she learn it, and how long has she known his name?

She continued snickering, "Sorry, it was just too tempting! I could tell you were on edge when you arrived."

So she was watching him since he got here? He hoped that she hadn't seen him reading his letter. He wouldn't even know how to begin explaining that to her.

He took a few breaths and tried to calm himself. Wait a minute, how did she even do that maneuver? She had jumped cleanly over his head and landed behind him, in one fell swoop. He surely didn't know that skill, and neither of them were masters yet.

"Wait, you're a Mogue?!" he asks in incredulity.

"Duh! Do you think every rogue can Ambush like that, from a distance? Did you not even Peek at my profile back at the Black Market??" she asks, sounding offended. "I certainly learned a lot about you, lover boy! So who was Jasmine, anyways??" she prodded.

He turns away, trying to Hide the pain on his face. She had hit struck a sore spot, and he felt tears begin to form. He definitely didn't know how to discuss this topic with her right now.

She notices his pain and backs off immediately. "Oh, sorry," she muttered. "It's just, 90 Deochs was so long ago - I had just assumed you were over it by now."

He appreciated her apology, but still said nothing. He didn't want to think about those painful memories right now.

But she was right - he hadn't even looked at her profile or legend yet. He must've been too distracted by her beauty, to remember that legends even exist.

He took a glance at it now. Born Deoch 108 - same birthyear as him?! Based on the gaps in her legend, it seems like she had also been in a deep slumber for a long time and only recently reawoken.

Her name is Rose.

He mentally kicked himself for not learning her name before. What a beautiful name!

She notices him reading. "Hey! There's no time for that now! We gotta get going!" she exclaimed.

"Oh right, sorry Rose", he apologized.

"Hah, did you only learn my name just now? What were you staring at so intently back at the Black Market, then? My boobs??" she teased.

"Uhhh, ... uh" he stammers. "I was just curious what Monk form you learned," he tried changing the topic. But she was absolutely spot-on about their Black Market encounter, and he was trying his hardest not to stare right now.

"Kelb, of course," she stated. "Do you even know anything about Mogues?" she kept assailing him with these curveball questions.

He actually did not know any Mogues, and was only vaguely familiar with their forms. But he didn't want her to think he was a dumb Aisling.

"Yeah, I just wanted to make sure you weren't some dirty White Bat Mogue", he joked, trying to resolve the tension.

"Oh? So I look like a dirty Mogue to you, now?" she challenged, while crossing her arms.

Oh no.. he was just digging himself deeper into a hole. "Uhhh, not at all!", he tried to recover. "Amymays, we should probably get started - we don't have all night, haha. What's the plan?" he blurted out.

"I thought you'd never ask!", she quickly changed tone and started beaming, while uncrossing her arms. "Ok, so the Goblins have a camp just a few minutes from here, and they should all be asleep by now. I think we should Hide there, and have a lil fun, you and me. What'ya say?" she offered.

Invade a Goblin camp at night?? He certainly didn't feel prepared for battle. He had hoped she was meaning a different kind of fun, but now he had confused himself in his assumptions..

"Uh, what if they all wake up? Surely we're not strong enough to fight off an entire Goblin army!" he exclaimed, hoping to avoid Sgrios as best he could.

"We're Rogues, silly. We'll just keep Hiding, and try to be quiet!" she explained, matter-of-factly.

I guess that could work, he thought to himself. With his max level Hide spell he could stay hidden in perpetuity, and the Goblins would never be able to see him. It sure sounded risky, though.

"Ok, but what do you mean by 'fun'?" he inquired, hoping to confirm his assumptions.

"Use your imagination, Jasper!" she winked.

His pulse raced, and he immediately felt Gruesomeflies in his stomach. It had been a very long time since he'd been intimate with another Aisling. Almost a century of Deochs, in fact. But he wasn't sure if he was ready. Especially not in such a dangerous location.

He locked eyes with her again. My Danaan, she was so beautiful though. A sly smile had presented itself on her gorgeous face, and the Gruesomeflies kept flapping away. So many feelings all at once - many that he hadn't felt in a long, long time.

He tried to compose himself. He peered into the horizon, and spotted what looked like a Goblin camp in the distance. He still wasn't sure if he could trust her, though. For all he knew, she could still be a Goblin in disguise, leading him to his death.

He took another look at her dazzling smile, and started to become completely infatuated. Ok, if she ends up getting him killed, then he decided that it would still be worth it!

He agrees with the plan, and they start heading into Goblin territory.

The trek to the Goblin camp only took around 10 minutes. They made sure to keep both Hide and Eisd Creutair activated, so they could both stay invisible while also be able to see each other. She appeared a bit faded while hidden, but she was still absolutely stunning.

They arrived a few minutes later. The camp wasn't too large itself but he spotted many large Goblins sleeping everywhere. Some in tents, some in chairs, some even on the ground. He audibly gulped.

He double checks his inventory. 30 Rucesion songs, just like usual. "Do you need any songs?" he whispers.

"No thanks, I still have a few to use", she replied.

"How many, though? Are you full?" he asks, wanting to help prepare a backup plan.

"I have enough. I don't need any from you", she hissed while whispering.

Ok, not a fan of charity. Got it.

They sneaked to the center of camp and see a long, wooden table in the middle. Strewn about was some rotting fruit, meat, and piles of bones. This must be the Goblins' dinner table where they celebrate victories, he guessed.

He wondered if it might be a good spot to celebrate their own victory - but it looked way too dirty. He glanced at Rose, and she winked at him. She seemed to have a similar thought, but with less reservations. Then maybe it wasn't too dirty of a surface for them, after all.

"Ok, this looks like a good spot. Start stripping!" she demanded.

"What, right here? Right now?" he feigned confusion.

"Yeah, isn't that the whole reason we came here?", she teased. "Start with your belt and armor. Slowly", she continued demanding while her face slowly shifted to a mischevious grin.

He definitely didn't want to be the only naked Aisling in this cursed camp, so he decided on a counter-offer.

"How about we alternate stripping our gear? That makes it more fair, and more fun", he suggested.

"Gah, fine", she rolled her eyes. "But you still have to start," she winked again.

Success! Ok, he just had to get the ball rolling. He starts with his Coral Earrings, putting them away into his inventory.

"Ok, your turn!" he winked back.

"Hah, well played, Jasper." she complimented. "But ok, two can play at that game." She took off her own Gold Earrings.

Dangit, he thought to himself. It looks like he is going to lose this opposite-race.

Oh well, maybe she'll lose track or get bored and strip something more interesting. He removed his Leather Gauntlets next. She simply removed her Iron ones.

He took off his Dark Gold Jade necklace, and she took off her Gold Amber one. He tried taking off his Cap of Honor, and she took off her Band of Passion, which let her hair fall all the way down.

Wow. He definitely preferred when she wasn't wearing headgear. He kept gawking at her, mouth agape, as she slowly walked up to him. She was now mere inches from his face, with her bright Scarlet Red hair reaching down to her waist. He couldn't stop staring. He was stuck in a trance - almost fully Suained.

She kisses him.

Just a quick peck on the lips, to try and cure him from his Suain. She steps back, shyly.

He Blinks, to make sure he wasn't dreaming. He takes a step forward and kisses her back.

They immediately wrap their arms around each other, and embrace in a fiery passion - their tongues deeply exploring each other's mouths.

She starts pulling him towards the table. But, what about all the disgusting bones on the table? He is barely able to remember his surroundings, but remembers the table being quite gross.

She didn't seem to care, though, and falls backwards on the table, pulling him with her. Their armor will surely get stained with the stench of half-eaten Goblin dinner.

But they don't care. They continue tasting each other, instead. Feeling each other. A bit too eagerly. The Gruesomeflies in his stomach are flapping up a Cyclone - every moment another flash of ecstacy.

He reaches his arm down her backside, and she rolls over slightly to accomodate.

Clang.

A nasty half-eaten bone of rotten meat falls off the table, bounces off the nearby chair, and makes a racket before settling on the floor.

Shit.

He quickly gets up in a panicked state and looks around, remembering where they are. A few Goblins seemed to have shifted, but he couldn't see any that were waking up. They were safe for now, it seemed.

"That was too close", he whispered a warning. "If they had woken up, we'd become the rotten meat on the table".

"Oh, you worry too much", she dismissed. "Goblins are dumb and slow to wake up, and we'd have plenty of time to escape before they ever found us", she explained.

He wasn't convinced, but didn't want to ruin the mood.

"Ah, so we should be safe then?" he figured saying it out loud would make it true. "Ok. Now where were we?" he tried to resume.

"Wait, wait, wait", she whispered. "Now your armor is all gross! You need to keep stripping", she winked yet again. Such a winker, she was.

"Fine. Whose turn was it? I think your turn?" he tried to misdirect.

"Hahaha, nice try - it's your turn and you know it!" she confirmed.

Ok, he only had a few pieces of gear left. What to choose... what to choose.

He decided to remove his Greaves next, for they were rubbing into his skin from all the rolling around. Leather Greaves - he knew that he was due for an upgrade, but he just couldn't afford it yet.

He removed them silently, and placed them in his inventory. "Your turn", he gestured. "And make sure to be quiet! The night is still young", he teased.

She slowly reached for her Iron Greaves. Painfully slowly.

"Quiet, like this?" she asked, as if to Taunt him.

"You know what I mean", he retorted. She could be such a tease.

She successfully removed her Greaves, and placed them gently in her inventory.

His turn again. Oh! Rings! He had forgotten about rings. He slowly pulled off one of his Spinel Rings, and gestured to her again.

"Rings are boring, let's just skip them", she suggested, and he nodded.

He took off his other Spinel Ring, and she took off her Sparkle Ringss. He felt a bit of envy - how could she afford Sparkle Rings? And afford to bring them into this dangerous place? Clearly there was still much to learn about this mysterious Flower.

He was quickly running out of gear to remove. He wondered if removing his weapon would count as stripping? Gah, but he had previously put away his Moon Dagger, like a fool. It would be silly to pull it out again, just to get one more extra removal. He was certain she wouldn't allow that, anyways. Alright, boots it is, then.

He bent over and started untying his Shagreen Boots. Yet another upgrade that he had been saving up for. But only belt and armor left, now.

She grinned at him. She knew he was running out. She turned around and bent over - deciding to remove her Silk Boots next. They looked so soft and smooth. Almost inviting him to touch them. Feel them. They kept slightly shaking back and forth, and he felt another Suain starting up.

He glanced down. Her Silk Boots looked lovely, too - and he had no idea where she had even acquired such exotic and enticing clothing.

"Your turn again, Jasper," she whispered while turning around. His gaze had wandered again, and her sly smile indicated that she had caught him staring.

Ok, only one decision left. Armor. Or Belt. He decides to remove his Hybrasyl Belt first, leaving his armor for last.

He tries to watch her face as he unloops his belt, and lets it all fall down. He Senses a small eyebrow raise and a widening smile, as she Peeks at his privates.

"Is that an Oak Stick in your inventory, or are you just happy to see me?" she teases.

"You know the Mundanes love me," he tries to joke. "Anyways, it's your turn again," he tries not to blush too much.

She begins slowly unlooping her Light Belt. My Danaan. What an amazing looking belt, on such a beautiful body. She quickly tucks it into her inventory, grinning. But nothing else happens.

He feels a twinge of disappointment. Her Oren Corsette still covers most of her body - not granting any Peeks. Sneaky Mogue.

Welp, now he found himself with only one option left. He turns his back to her and slowly removes his Oren Paluten, while being extra cautious not to drop it or make any sounds. This would be a terrible time for the Goblins to awaken - both of them with no gear equipped. He gently places it in his inventory, and turns around, bearing all.

He sees her take a few looks up and down, eyeing up his chest and thighs among other areas. He couldn't help but blush as red as the Cherries from Suomi.

"Hey, no dawdling, missy", he pressured. "We don't have all night".

"Fine, fine. I just wanted to cherish this moment. It sure would be unfortunate if I just yelled and Songed away now, wouldn't it?" she Taunted.

He really hoped she was just joking. He would find it tough to trust any Aisling ever again if she deserted him now, in such a vulnerable predicament.

He relaxed as she turned around, started removing her Oren Paluten, and placed it in her inventory.

She turned to face him.

Oh my Danaan. She was absolutely stunning. Her hair. Her eyes. Her smile. These were not new to him, but they were Eternalty beautiful. He already had cemented many Memories of them.

But her breasts. Her waist. Her thighs. Everything else about her now had him Suained yet again. He couldn't stop gawking, with his jaw fully hanging.

"Hey lover boy," she prodded. "What are you waiting for? Time for our fun!"

He obliges and immediately Throws her onto the edge of the Goblin dinner table, fully naked. He sincerely hopes that the Goblins won't detect their scents in the morning. They say Goblins never forget an Aisling's scent after they've had a sniff of them.

He takes out some spare Scout Leather from his inventory, and lays it out on the table underneath her, covering up most of the filth. She lays her back down, starting to appear nervous. He could definitely relate - this was a really vulnerable position in a very dangerous place. She was keeping her legs closed together.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" he inquired.

"Yes, lover boy. Ravage this Maiden." she tempts.

Alrighty! He uses his Unlock skill, and spreads her legs wide apart.

He can smell her pheremones immediately. The fragrance brings back memories of sweet Sevti Blossoms. He takes a second to admire the wonderful view.

She kept herself very neatly trimmed, and was a vibrant red down there - his favourite colour. She must have been practicing her Hairstyling? Perhaps she wasn't such a filthy Mogue, after all.

He feels his Needle Trap throbbing, ready to be activated. But alas, other parts of him still didn't feel ready for this. Not yet, at least.

He quickly changes his battle plan, and dives in, face first. She utters a quick, surprised gasp.

He starts slowly. Caressing her thighs. Teasing her with his tongue. She shifts her weight a few times, and the anticipation was palpable.

His tongue started exploring more. Back and forth. Up and down. In and out. He could tell when his tongue touched her pleasure center - her body would tense up momentarily.

Mmmmm. The taste was slightly sweet - it almost reminded him of drinking a Beothaich Deum. He started picking up the pace, and tried to adventure deeper and deeper.

He brought one hand to the party, and used his fingers to aid in the pleasure. A gentle caress, intermixed with more aggressive touching. He could hear her breath continue to quicken. A whisper of a moan here and there. He enjoyed hearing her sounds of pleasure, but wished she would just stay quiet, for safety's sake!

He kept going for a few minutes, until he guessed that she was getting close to climax. He started using his other arm to caress her thigh as best he could. Triple threat.

She begins convulsing uncontrollably, and moaning even more. She grasps at his hair and pulls him in deeper. He can feel an Inner Fire building within her. This was it!

She lets out a Howl.

Fuck.

He took a step back, and tried to focus on observing his surroundings. They had both gotten a bit carried away. A handful of Goblins had now been rudely awoken, and were starting to get up, grunting and snorting. Not good.

He double checked his status. He had recently refreshed Hide, and still had plenty of time left while invisible to get out of there. He glanced back at Rose.

She was now Unhidden, and still moaning from the pleasure of her Inner Fire.

Double Fuck.

"Rose, Hide!" he whispered harshly. A few more Goblins woke up, and looked in their direction.

Some Goblins had been staring at her for a couple seconds while she moaned. They were likely not trusting their eyes - it was quite a sight to see, no doubt!

The Goblins started coming to their senses and started marching towards the table, yelling various grunts and snorts.

Rose snapped out of her pleasure Suain. She, an unmastered Aisling, was sitting butt naked on these Goblins' dinner table. And they were starting to charge towards her while licking their lips. Jasper certainly felt like the traitor now.

The Goblins were only a few seconds away from reaching her.

"Rose! We have to Song! Now!!" he screamed.

"Ok!" She yelled back, rifling through her inventory.

"I'll see you at the inn" he screamed, right before using his Song, as a Goblin began swinging a mighty axe at him. His body morphed and twisted and raced through time and space.

He opened his eyes.

It was still night time, and the inn was empty, thankfully. All was quiet, but he was breathing heavily. He was still completely naked. He quickly put on his armor and boots to cover most of his body, while glancing around to check if anyone was watching. He was all alone.

He waited for what felt like an eternity. Where was she?! It had been over 10 seconds now, and he didn't see her in this inn anywhere. He tried refreshing his Eisd Creutair. He even tried Blinking multiple times. Still nothing.

20 seconds.

The Goblins surely would have reached her by now, and there's no way she could've fought them all off. Was she actually out of Songs and had forgotten how many she had?! Maybe she was able to use her Ambush to make some distance, and escape before getting caught?! Only Sgrios knows.

He put his head in his hands and begins to sob. Did he really just get Rose killed? Did she really go from Inner Fire climax to facing Sgrios in the same minute?

He knew this plan was way too risky. He should've said no and suggested something safer - like the Mileth Crypt.

He felt like a murderer that belonged in Jail but there wasn't anything he could do now. The Goblins were awake and the sun would be rising soon.

He cried himself to sleep that night. Why did this have to happen to him, again...

When he awoke, he had only one thought on his mind.

He had to figure out what had happened to Rose.

FIN (for now!)


References:
- Temuair: the fictional world where Aislings live and adventure together.
- Aisling: a player character in Temuair, like an avatar.
- Mundane: a non-player character in Temuair, like an NPC.
- Grass Field: an area in Temuair where Goblins are invading.
- Assault: a bassic attack skill for warriors.
- Ambush: a skill that allows one to jump over another friend / enemy. Learnable by the Monk class, which can "sub"-class into a Rogue class.
- Throw: a skill which can push an Aisling away one space.
- Sgrios: the God of death and decay.
- Peek: a Rogue skill intended to observe the inventory of another Aisling.
- Black Market: a mysterious building in the town of Rucesion which only Rogues can enter, and was the setting for Part 1.
- Rucesion: a town for Aislings to do their banking, socialize, or buy and sell items with Mundanes.
- Hide: a Rogue spell that allows the user to remain invisible to others for a short duration.
- Eisd Creutair: a Rogue spell which allows the user to see Hidden Aislings.
- Kelb: a common choice from four different types of Monks. Each can learn specific spells and skills.
- White Bat: a less common form of Monk. Its main benefit is Hiding, which Rogues already learn and is thus a bit redundant.
- Songs: single-use items which teleport the Aisling to another destination.
- Gruesomeflies: terrible creatures in the Crypt of Piet Village.
- Suain: a spell which can freeze Aislings or monsters in place.
- Cyclone: a Summoner spell which creates a mini tornado.
- Blinking: the common term for pressing "F5" in-game, to refresh state and fix glitches.
- Taunt: a spell that Rogues can learn, which does 1 point of damage.
- Sense: a skill that Rogues can learn, which ascertains details about another Aisling.
- Danaan: a Goddess of Light and Creation.
- Deoch: a God of fire and time. Also a unit for in-game years which equals 45 days in real human-time.
- Memory: a term use to describe "Screenshots" of the game, by pressing the F12 key.
- Unlock: a Rogue skill for opening treasure chests.
- Needle Trap: one of the first damaging spells that Rogues learn.
- Beothaich Deum: potions that can revive a dying Aisling.
- Inner Fire: a Monk spell which increases Health regeneration.
- Howl: a Monk spell that lightly attacks every enemy on screen.
- Mileth Crypt: the first dangerous area where Aislings fight mice, spiders, and centipedes.
- Jail: an in-game area where criminal Aislings are sent.

Number of Hidden Aisling Names: 2
