Anonymous Exhibition, Part 1

Where is she?! They had only done this once before, but the experience had been completely overwhelming, and now the anticipation was killing him. The memories were already ingrained into his soul. The sweat. The smells. The intense sounds of raw pleasure. And of course, all the bewildered goblins grunting and snorting in a frenzy.

It had started off as just a friendly dare. They had met in the Black Market; just two young Aislings buying their daily quota of gems and songs from Braz. Their eyes locked for a second, then shifted back to the task at hand.

"Hello," he said.
"Hey," she replied, curtly.
"Are you new here?" he asked. "I feel like I would've remembered you if I had seen you before."
"Oh? Why do you say that?" she challenged.

He immediately blushed. "Oh, uhm, I just.. I just mean you're quite the beautiful Aisling is all, hahah". He could see a slight smile present itself at the corner of her mouth.

"You ain't so bad to look at, yourself,". she admitted. "What level are you?"
"Uh.." He paused for a second to remember. "Er, 70? Right, yeah! I'm level 70. One more and I can upgrade my armour," he stammered, still nervous. "You?"


"69" she said, matter-of-factly. "I guess two more levels for me, then."

"Wwhere.. uhh, where do you usually hunt at?" he asked, trying to focus himself.

"Grass Field, mostly. You ever been there?" she asked.

"Uh... I don't think I have," he stuttered, trying to sound nonchalant.

Grass Field?? Isn't that where the goblins are invading? He had heard some stories about the place from some master friends. But he didn't think it was a safe place for Aislings of their lower level! He remembered rumours of unmastered Aislings getting ripped to shreds in there!

"How do you hunt safely in there??" He asked, a bit too loudly. "I've just.. I've heard it can be.. uh.. a dangerous place," he stated, trying to sound calm.

"Oh, I don't always hunt in there, silly. Sometimes I like to have a little fun, instead!" she explained, starting to sound excited. "Hey, you look like an Aisling that likes to have fun, actually. How about you meet me there, later tonight? Unless you're too scared of the place, that is?" She asked, with a hint of taunting in her voice.



"I'm not scared!" he replied a bit too quickly. "I'll be there! I don't, uh.. scare easily," he lied.

"Whatever you say, hun" she replied, seemingly holding back a laugh. "Be there at sun down, tonight. And you might want to bring a Bag of Warranty along as well". She exited the Black Market.

Sun down? Ok, maybe this won't be too bad, then. Surely all the goblins will all be asleep, and they can have whatever silly 'fun' that she was wanting. Safely. And in peace. What did she mean by Bag of Warranty, though?

He walked outside, trying to follow her. He wanted to ask her some questions about what exactly she meant by 'fun'. He looked around Rucesion but didn't see her anywhere. She was gone. He felt a bit dejected. "Oh well, I'll see her again, soon", he thought to himself.

He cast nis. Just a few more hours until sun down. He tried to remember what he was doing. Oh right, polishing gems. He resumed his original labourious task, while feeling the anticipation slowly building within. He could not wait for their next encounter.

--------
FIN (until the next part..)



